9 
 
 
  National Bank of Fujairah PJSC  
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information  
For the six month  period ended 30 June 2024  (continued)  
 
4. Financial risk management  
The Group’s financial risk management objectives, policies and procedures are consistent with those 
disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 . 
(a) Fair value measurement principles  
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in 
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  
When available, the fair value of a financial instrument is based on quoted market prices in an active 
market for that instrument. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly 
available and represent actual and regularly occurr ing market transactions on an arm’s length basis. If a 
quoted market price is not available or if a market for a financial instrument is not active, the fair value 
is determined by using valuation techniques. Valuation techniques include net present value techniques, 
discounted cash flow methods, comparison to similar instruments for which market observable prices 
exist. For investments under management with external fund managers, fair value is provided by the 
external fund managers, and is determined base d on the market value of underlying investments of each 
fund. In all other cases, the instruments are measured at acquisition cost, including transaction cost, less 
impairment losses, if any.  
Where discounted cash flow techniques are used, estimated future cash flows are based on 
management’s best estimates and the discount rate is a market -related rate at the date of the condensed 
consolidated interim statement of financial position for an instrument with similar terms and conditions.  
 
Fair values reflect the credit risk of the instrument and include adjustments to take account of the credit 
risk of the Group and the counterparty, where appropriate. Fair value estimates obtained from models 
are adjusted for any other factors, such as liquidity risk or model uncertainties; to the extent that the 
Group believes a third -party market participant would take them into accoun t in pricing a transaction.  
The fair value of derivatives that are not exchange traded is estimated at the amount that the Group would 
receive or pay to terminate the contract at the date of the consolidated  interim  statement of financial 
position, taking into account current market conditions and the current creditworthiness of the 
counterparty.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  