7 
 
 
  National Bank of Fujairah PJSC  
 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial information  
For the six month  period ended  30 June 2024  
1.       Legal status and activities  
 
National Bank of Fujairah (the Bank) is a Public Joint Stock Company registered under the laws of the 
United Arab Emirates. The Bank operates under a banking license issued on 29 August 1984 by the Central 
Bank of the United Arab Emirates (Central Bank of the UAE or CBUAE) and commenced operations on 
20 September 1984. The shares of the Bank were listed on Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX) on 23 
October 2005. The Bank's key shareholders include the Department of Industry and Economy – 
Government of Fujair ah, Easa Saleh Al Gurg LLC and Investment Corporation of Dubai.  
The principal activity of the Bank is commercial banking which is carried out from its network of fourteen 
branches, across the UAE in emirates of Fujairah, Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Sharjah.  
The Bank has two fully owned subsidiary companies:  
▪ NBF Financial Services FZC was established in December 2004 with limited liability status in the 
Fujairah Free Trade Zone to provide support services to the Bank.  
▪ NBF Markets (Cayman) Limited is registered in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company limited 
by shares under the Companies Law (revised) of the Cayman Islands and regulated by the Cayman 
Island Government General Registry. The Company was established on  31 January 2017 to provide 
support services to the Bank to enter into foreign exchange and derivative transactions with financial 
institutions / counterparties under the terms and conditions of International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA).  
The condensed consolidated interim financial information  for the six month  period  ended 30 June 2024  
comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries (together referred to as ‘the Group’).  
The registered address of the Group is Hamad  Bin Abdullah Street, P. O. Box 887, Fujairah, United Arab 
Emirates.  
 
2.         Basis of preparation  
 
Statement of compliance  
The condensed consolidated interim financial information has been prepared in accordance with IFRS 
Accounting Standards, International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34: Interim Financial Reporting as 
issued by International Accounting Standard Board (IASB).  
 
This condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all the information and 
disclosures required for full annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS 
and should be read in conjunction with the Group ’s consolidated financial statements as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2023.  
 
In preparing this condensed consolidated interim financial information, significant judgments made by 
the management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation were the 
same as those that were applied to the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2023 except for the new judgements and estimates explained in Note 3.  
  